feat: add default sender manager (#1229)
ApeWorX/ape: docs/userguides/accounts.md

account.balance += int(1e18)  # Gives `account` 1 Ether
```

### Default Sender Support

In order to eliminate the usage of sender in contract calls, you can use `use_sender` context manager.

```python

> with test_accounts.use_sender(0):

Reviewer: `test_accounts` is the `accounts` fixture in the context of running tests.
It make more sense to show that:

```python
def test_example(accounts):
    with accounts.use_sender(0):  # First account from test mnemonic
        ...
```

Author: but tests are not failing and if accounts is really accounts then __getitem_int wont also fallback to the test_accounts and this would even raise an error. couldnt get really

Reviewer 2: we don't test the docs right now, so they wouldn't be failing

> with test_accounts.use_sender(0):
>   contract.myFunction(1)

Reviewer 2: But yeah, I agree
```suggestion
def test_example(accounts):
    with accounts.use_sender(0):  # Use first account from test mnemonic
        contract.myFunction(1)
```

> with test_accounts.use_sender("address"):
>   contract.myFunction(1)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
def test_example(accounts):
    with accounts.use_sender("<address>"):  # Impersonate an account
        contract.myFunction(1)
```

> with test_accounts.use_sender(TestAccount):

Reviewer 2: What does this one do?

Reviewer 2: Or do you mean `<TestAccount>`?

> with test_accounts.use_sender(TestAccount):
>   contract.myFunction(1)

Reviewer 2: This might be clearer:
```suggestion
def test_example(accounts):
    with accounts.use_sender(a):  # a is a `TestAccount` class
        contract.myFunction(1)
```

account = accounts.load("<ALIAS>")
```

### Default Sender Support

> In order to eliminate the usage of sender in contract calls, you can use `use_sender` context manager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to reduce repetition of adding `sender` in your contract calls, you can use `use_sender` context manager.
```

> ```python

Reviewer: I don't think we should include numeric example here.

> with accounts.use_sender(0, 'pass'):

Reviewer: password should be optional and should use a kwarg in the example

```python
with accounts.use_sender('address', passphrase="pass"):
```

Reviewer: The password is not being stored anywhere here; it is being passed in. In some situations this is required, like scripting with keyfile accounts.

That being said, setting the default sender and setting an account to `autosign=True` are two different things and maybe it does not make sense to combine them here.

Author: so we dont use passphrase here? keyfile_account needs passphrase

Reviewer: Right, but for highlighting best practice, all I meant was this:

```python
import keyring

passphrase = keyring.get_password("ape-scripts", "default-user")
with accounts.use_sender('address', passphrase=password):
```

or even

```python
with accounts.use_sender('address', passphrase=os.environ.get("KEYFILE_PASSPHRASE")):
```

because hardcoded passphrases looks bad from a security perspective, even in documentation.

This is not a blocker for me though, I am only explaining the thought process.

Author: ok, got. it

> with accounts.use_sender(0, autosign=True, passphrase="<PASSPHRASE>"):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with accounts.use_sender(0):
```

  contract.myFunction(1)

> with accounts.use_sender("<address>", autosign=True, passphrase="<PASSPHRASE>"):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with accounts.use_sender("<address>"):
```

  contract.myFunction(1)

with accounts.use_sender('alias', 'pass'):
  contract.myFunction(1)

> with accounts.use_sender(KeyfileAccount, 'pass'):

Reviewer: For consistency's sake, can we use double quoted strings on all the examples?

> with accounts.use_sender("<alias>", autosign=True, passphrase="<PASSPHRASE>"):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with accounts.use_sender("<alias>"):
```

>   contract.myFunction(1)

Reviewer 2: The reason I don't like `passphrase=` kwarg here is that it encourages people to just write their passphrase into a script file they very likely will upload to a repo

If they also upload their keyfile somehow, the funds are as good as gone

I like `unlock=True` better because it just uses the native unlock facility of `KeyfileAccount`

Reviewer 2: Also, how would this work for other account types? (like ledger/trezor)

Author: they dont even have unlock. i just looked at TrezorAccount and LedgerAccount implementations, so this is a problem like i wrote in discord

Author: i also dont think it would be good idea to eliminate passphrase here and just allow autosign without it, then if you get hacked then it is not fun :D

Reviewer 2: > i also dont think it would be good idea to eliminate passphrase here and just allow autosign without it, then if you get hacked then it is not fun :D

Due to how `KeyfileAccount` works, it can't sign anything without unlocking first because you need the passphrase to decrypt the key
